Added `role="group"` to `Autocomplete` (#1215)
iTwin/stratakit: apps/website/src/content/docs/components/mui/Autocomplete.md

- Restyled using StrataKit's visual language.
- The "clear" indicator is now keyboard focusable and remains visible to improve accessibility.
- The listbox now matches the visual styling of [`Menu`](/components/menu), with individual options using the `MuiMenuItem-root` class via a theme-level [`renderOption`](https://mui.com/material-ui/api/autocomplete/#autocomplete-prop-renderOption) prop.

> - Added a [role="group"](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Reference/Roles/group_role).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added [role="group"](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Reference/Roles/group_role) to the root element.
```
